Mark discriminator properties consistently as requiered (#4663)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/fix-discriminator-should-be-requiered-2024-9-9-17-24-19.md

---
changeKind: fix
packages:
  - "@typespec/openapi3"
---

> Introducing a fix so that all discriminator properties are marked as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discriminator properties are marked as required regardless if they are in TypeSpec to match OpenAPI3 spec.
```
